Okay, okay, anyone who comes to our store for consumption
20% off everything.
Also give away a crayfish
Spicy crayfish
Never heard of it.
What the hell is this?
Why don't I invite you to try it first?
Go, taste, go, go
Inside please inside please
Inside, please
Inside please inside please inside please
madam madam
husband
How many guests did our restaurant serve today?
There were 50 tables in total
It's more than half less than usual. What?
So much less
Something's wrong.
How can his business be so good?
No, I have to go check it out. Um
Yo Boss Wang, please come inside.
Eat well and drink well
Shopkeeper Wang
Why are you here?
Hey brother, your business is good, right?
They stole a lot of customers from my Hanhai Restaurant